v6.0.0 (#10780)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse: changelog.md

Thanks to our new contributors 👽🐷🐰🐯🐻! 
AndreasKubasa <55059012+AndreasKubasa@users.noreply.github.com>
Catalin Rosu <redmaniack@gmail.com>
François Beaufort <beaufort.francois@gmail.com>
Jan Nicklas <j.nicklas@me.com>
Kiko Beats <josefrancisco.verdu@gmail.com>
Roland Burrows <rolandnburrows@gmail.com>
Sebastian Kreft <sk-@users.noreply.github.com>
Warren Maresca <warrengm@google.com>
baseeee <13604740+baseeee@users.noreply.github.com>
kmanuel <kruisz88@gmail.com>
nxqamar <nabilqamar@gmail.com>
 <a name="6.0.0"></a>
# 6.0.0 (2020-05-14)
[Full Changelog](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/compare/v6.0.0-beta.0...v6.0.0)

> ~~ TODO: https://chromiumdash.appspot.com/schedule ~~
> We expect this release to ship in the DevTools of Chrome XX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We expect this release to ship in the DevTools of Chrome 84.
```

yes?
